Prepare documentation for Telemetry component release (#15070)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/01-overview/main-areas/observability/obsv-02-logging-in-kyma.md

For in-cluster logging, Kyma uses [Loki](https://github.com/grafana/loki), a Prometheus-like log management system.

> Kyma ships the [telemetry component](./obsv-04-telemetry-in-kyma.md), which supports providing your own output configuration for Fluent Bit. With this, you can integrate your own observability systems outside the Kyma cluster with the Kyma backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kyma's [telemetry component](./obsv-04-telemetry-in-kyma.md) supports providing your own output configuration for Fluent Bit. With this, you can connect your own observability systems outside the Kyma cluster with the Kyma backend.
```

Aligning the two very similar paragraphs here and in the README :)
